{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
\f3\ftech\fcharset0 Wingdings-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17480\viewh13280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Faults
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs30 \cf0 To generate a new fault list that includes all possible fault sites in the ATPG design model, use the add_faults command:
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 TEST-T> add_faults -all\

\f0 To use an existing fault list from another tool or from a previous run, use the read_faults
\f1\fs24  
\f0\fs30 command:
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 TEST-T> read_faults fault_list_filename
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 You can exclude specific blocks, instances, gates, or pins from the fault list by using any of the following methods:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f3\fs16 \cf0 l 
\f0\fs30 Specify objects to be excluded by using the add_nofaults command before executing the 
\f2 add_faults -all 
\f0 command, as shown in the following example:\
\uc0\u8232 
\f2 TEST-T> add_nofaults /sub_block_A/adder\uc0\u8232 TEST-T> add_nofaults /io/demux/alu
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 TEST-T> add_faults -all
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f3\fs16 \cf0 l 
\f0\fs30 Remove faults based on fault locations in a fault list file after executing the add_faults 
\f2 -all 
\f0 command, as shown in the following example:\uc0\u8232 
\f2 TEST-T> add_faults -all\uc0\u8232 TEST-T> read_faults fault_list_file -delete
\f1\fs24 \

\f3\fs16 l 
\f0\fs30 Remove faults using the remove_faults command after executing the add_faults 
\f2 -all 
\f0 command, as shown in the following example:\uc0\u8232 
\f2 TEST-T> add_faults -all\uc0\u8232 TEST-T> remove_faults /sub_block_A/adder
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 TEST-T> remove_faults /io/demux/alu
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f3\fs16 \cf0 l 
\f0\fs30 If you have a small number of faults,you can add them explicitly using the add_faults command:\uc0\u8232 
\f2 TEST-T> remove_faults -all\uc0\u8232 TEST-T> add_faults /proc/io
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 TEST-T> add_faults /demux\uc0\u8232 TEST-T> add_faults /reg_bank/bank2/reg5/Q
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Writing Fault Lists
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs30 \cf0 TetraMAX maintains \ul a list of potential faults\ulnone  for a design. Using the Report Faults dialog box or the 
\f2 write_faults 
\f0 command, you can write the fault list to a file for analysis or to read back in for future ATPG sessions.\
NOTICE:\
1)\

\f2 TEST-T> 
\f1\b set_faults -report collapsed\

\f2\b0 TEST-T> 
\f1\b report_faults -summary
\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 2)\

\f2 TEST-T> 
\f1\b set_faults -report uncollapsed\

\f2\b0 TEST-T> 
\f1\b report_faults -summary
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs38 \cf0 Using the Report Faults Dialog Box
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs30 \cf0 To use the Report Faults dialog box to generate a fault list,
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa280
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}From the menu bar,choose Faults > Report Faults. The Report Faults dialog box appears. \
{\listtext	2.	}Use the Report Type list box to select the type of fault report that you want. A set of additional options may appear to the right of the Report Type list box, depending on your selection. \
{\listtext	3.	}Select the options you want. \uc0\u8232 The options are generally the same as for the Report Faults dialog box. For additional information about the available options, see Online Help for the 
\f2 report_faults 
\f0 command. \
{\listtext	4.	}ClickOK. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\fs38 \cf0 Using the write_faults Command
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs30 \cf0 You can also generate a fault list using the 
\f2 write_faults 
\f0 command, as shown in the following example:
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 TEST-T> write_faults faults.AU -class au -replace\uc0\u8232 
\f0 For the complete syntax and option descriptions, see Online Help for the 
\f2 write_faults
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 command.\uc0\u8232 The following example writes all faults:\u8232 
\f2 TEST-T> write_faults filename -all -replace
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The following example writes only the undetectable blocked (UB) and undetectable redundant (UR) fault classes:
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 TEST-T> write_faults filename -class UB -class UR -replace
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The following example writes only the faults down one hierarchical path:
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 TEST-T> write_faults filename /top/demux/core/mul8x8 -replace
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 By default, the list of faults is either collapsed or uncollapsed as determined by the last 
\f2 set_ faults -report 
\f0 command. The following command overrides the default by using the 
\f2 - collapsed 
\f0 option:
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 TEST-T> write_faults filename -all -replace -collapsed
\f1\fs24 \
}